### Milestone 4 Reflection

Throughout Milestone 4, we have acted on key pieces of feedback and changed the way in which our app works to better accommodate the user. To allow for better interactivity, we implemented tooltips into both of our histograms so that the user will be able to see exact values. We implemented a cleaner design layout in addition to graph annotations so that the dashboard is more pleasing to the eye and users are able to clearly distinguish the purpose of graphs. We also annotated the sliders and moved the year slider to the top of our dashboard so that its purpose in filtering the entire dashboard would be clearer. A better color scheme was also added to the `Total Medal Count` graph so that countries are able to be distinguished by continent. 

Additionally, to address the loading speed issue concerning our dashboard, we frontloaded preprocessing into individual scripts and divided the data into several smaller data files. This allowed the dashboard to load much quicker locally, but we were not able to completely eliminate the loading time on heroku. To address the issue of certain slider values causing the dashboard to show no data due to irregularities in olympic years, we restricted the year slider to specific values.

A general theme among the feedback we received was to improve the clarity and usability of our dashboard. The milestone 2 version of our dashboard did not contain many clarity features due to the time constraint. As a result, many points of feedback were related to interactivity, aesthetics, and clarity of data, all of which have been addressed this milestone.

The R dashboard at this time contains the Milestone 2 version of our python dashboard, meaning it doesn’t have many of the clarity features implemented in milestone 4. It will contain a proper version of each graph, but still has the previous clarity issues mentioned before, such as certain year slider values causing graphs to be empty, long loading times, and the lack of slider annotations.

Ultimately, the most valuable feedback we received was feedback about dashboard annotations. We recognized that our dashboard lacked clarity and sliders lacked clarity when having peers test it out. This was very valuable to help us clean the dashboard layout and allowed us to make the purposes of sliders and radio buttons much more clear in our final iteration.
